Interactables that are unscripted:
ShowerRoomDoor (Make the steam disappear)
ShowerRoomToilet (Do special cutscene stuff)
Child (make him appear in certain areas)

Item drops for everyone
UI
Events for various parts of the day (transition between morning to afternoon etc)
	Day Start Event
	Day Afternoon Event
	Day Evening Event
	Day End Event (make the notepad show up etc)

Bed (Choice selection sucks)


Manager and it's subrooms everything


~~~~~
James's observations:

Starting room:
1. Footstep noises don't disappear upon walking to an interactable and interacting without letting go of the keys. -- 
		Currently bugged in the sense that if you hold down keys during dialogue, you get silent footsteps.
2. Player movability when opening the notebook and mashing ctrl several times is inconsistent. Also wrecks things if multiple conversations are started.
3. Table is misaligned
4. Can't make maintenance requests...?  (Or is this just a reference to the bathroom quest?)

Office: 
1. The light has a very obvious upper bound (Not fixable due to single layer sprites)
2. The lock thing leads out of the room...?

Shower room:

Writer room:
Make it so that after every question, the writer comments on your idea and then tells you to come and check back after she's written a bit

Mom & child room:
1. The child's dialogue should be fixed

General:
1. After playing a while, there's a null reference in dayAfternoon.DayEnd() (Line 60 & 63 of gameManager)
2. If you try to talk to someone and a red blob hits you, you're not allowed to move anymore when you wake up (Only happened once)
3. Very glitchy behavior upon getting day resetted when entering a room, showerman room in particular.
4. Dialogue boxes sometimes give day reset invuln. After gathering all of the blobs it's possible to roam. Not sure how to handle this case.
5. When walking diagonally and entering a room, it's necessary to let go of the keys before walking diagonally again; usually you're constrained to walk vertically.
6. If entering a room at the same time the "The day's over stranger" dialogue appears it's stuck there until more dialogue is triggered

Owl room:

Snoop room:
1. Make it so the TV shuts off if you shove a soda on it
2. Soda is bugged when delivering
3. Soda also does not reset upon sleep

Arcade room:
1. You don't actually get a soda from the machine yet despite what the text tells you, and the state of the machine resets upon room entry.
2. Keypad still broken.
3. The child interaction box is covered heavily by the machine
4. The machine doesn't have proper dialogue

Lobby:
1. If you go to sleep the "You'll never want to leave" is replayed after the initial encounter

UI:
1. After a while the clock's hands desync, making it difficult to tell time. The clock also ends at "6:30"; not sure how the clock's supposed to look so left it alone.
2. Rare: It's possible to not have the day reset under certain circumstances. Couldn't reproduce.
3. Minor issue: Audio clipping occurs if running back and forth. Recommended to scale the audio down.

Playtest results:
1. Managed to get the soda but blocked by a Snoop error
2. Managed to flush all of the toilets 
3. Couldn't get the child to "come back"
4. Couldn't get the owl any ideas
5. Couldn't get the keypad to work
6. Couldn't figure out what to do in the manager's office
7. Lobby works barring the fact that the "You'll never want to leave" repeats.

